c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\facture.exe
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\facture.pdb
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v17.1.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.CrudArticle.resources
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.CrudFacture.resources
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.Form1.resources
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.exe.licenses
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.exe
c:\users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.pdb
C:\Users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\facture.exe.config
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Export.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraDiagram.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraDiagram.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.factureR.resources
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.facturerapport.resources
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.addArticle.resources
C:\Users\wajdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.XtraForm1.resources
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\facture.exe.config
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.exe
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.pdb
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.addArticle.resources
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.CrudArticle.resources
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.CrudFacture.resources
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.factureR.resources
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.facturerapport.resources
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\obj\Debug\facture.exe.licenses
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\facture.exe
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\facture.pdb
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraDiagram.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraDiagram.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v17.1.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v17.1.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v17.1.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Assid\Desktop\facture\facture\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Diagram.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
